# English

---

[知识收集](English%208ebea178339640f9b456c2f71d56e368/%E7%9F%A5%E8%AF%86%E6%94%B6%E9%9B%86%20f359326fe9cc483ba789a5973dff580e.md)

---

# Misc

## one

- prior
    - adj, 先前的; 前面的
        
        e.g.
        
        Any commits you made prior to changing your commit email address are still associated with your previous email address.
        
        这里的 prior to 相当于 before
        
    - n, 院长; 会长
- porcelain
    
    /ˈpɔːsəlɪn/ 
    
    n, 瓷器
    
- errand
    
    /ˈerənd/
    
    n, a short journey in order to do something for someone, for example delivering or collecting something for them
    
- moreover
    
    adverb
    
    in addition – used to introduce information that adds to or supports what has previously been said
    
    - Moreover is very formal. In everyday English, people use ***what’s more*** or ***also*** instead:
        
        e.g. The rent is reasonable and, what’s more, the location is perfect.
        
- novice
    
    n, 新手
    
    e.g. I'm a novice at these things.
    
- puffery
    
    n, the act of praising someone or something too much in a way that is not sincere
    
    e.g. His book avoids academic puffery and offers real insight.
    
- overwhelm
- vault
- strive / thrive
- legacy
- emerge
- encumbrance
- taxonomy
- aggregate
- ideology
    
    n, 思想, 意识形态
    
- allusion / allegory
    
    noun
    
    - allusion, 暗指, 映射
        
        An allusion is an indirect reference to someone or something.
        
    - allegory, 讽喻(寓言)
- curate
    1. n, /ˈkjʊərət/
        
        a priest of the lowest rank, whose job is to help the priest who is in charge of an area
        
    2. v, /kjʊˈreɪt/
        
        to choose and organize the art, music, objects etc for an exhibition, show, concert etc
        
- stutter
- parlor
    
    n, 客厅, 接待室
    
- deliberate
- orchestrate
- aisle
    
    n, /aɪl/ 过道
    
    座位间的过道; 超市货架间的过道
    
- remorse
- legibility
    
    n, 易读,易理解
    
    e.g. Line breaks for legibility only.
    
- intricate
    
    [ˈɪntrɪkət]
    
- contrived
- benevolent
- ongoing
- interfere
- nuance
- distracted
- irritation
- gullible
- apparently
- hesitant
- unbeknownst
- illicit
- nefarious
- reimburse
- eligible
- qualify
- obscure
- numb
- penetrate
- impersonator
- charge
- engage
- squirt
- escalate
- custody
- scoop
- inflection
- infection
- monologue
- introspective
- stray
- superstitious
- overheard
- preliminary
- phenomenal
- trauma
- apparition
- bizarre
- voluntary vs compulsory
    
    voluntary / compulsory redundancy
    
- pseudonym
- stumble
- hysterics
- excess
- breach
- lurk
- elite
- turnover
- provided
- radically
- culprits
- perpendicular
- substantial
- obsess
- esoteric
- viable
- comprise
- circa
- canonical

## more than one

- for instance
    
    for example
    
- hang round, hang around, hang about
    - hang around/round/about (something)
        
        to wait or spend time somewhere, doing nothing
        
    - hang about
        1. *spoken* to move slowly or take too long doing something
            
            e.g. Come on, we haven’t got time to hang about!
            
        2. used when you have just noticed or thought of something that is interesting or wrong
            
            e.g. Hang about – that can’t be right.
            
        3. used to ask someone to wait or stop what they are doing
    
- rule of thumb
    
    a rough figure or method of calculation, based on practical experience
    
    e.g. As a general rule of thumb, children this age should not spend more than one hour on homework.
    
- fill out
    1. 填写(表格等)
    2. 长胖 e.g. Eric has filled out around the waist.
    3. if a young person fills out, their body becomes more like an adult’s body, for example by having bigger muscles, developing breasts, etc.
        
        e.g.
        
        At puberty, a girl’s body begins to fill out.
        
- in this respect
    
    在这方面
    
- jumping-off point
    
    A ***jumping-off point*** or a ***jumping-off place*** is a place, situation, or occasion which you use as the starting point for something.
    
- beyond that
    
    除此之外
    
- the world is your oyster
- stumble over
- LMAO
    
    laughing my ass off
    
- hit the road
    
    出发
    
    e.g. We'd better **hit the road** bacause it's getting dark.
    
- hit up someone
    
    找某人帮忙,若someone 是代词,要放在 up 的前面.
    
    e.g. If you need any help, hit me up.
    
- show off
    
    炫耀
    
    e.g. Nick was showing off all the time and looking down on people sometimes.
    
- show up
    
    出现; 到场
    
    e.g. You didn't show up at the meeting this morning.
    
- give out
    
    停止运作; 出故障
    
    e.g. My car engine gave out yesterday.
    
- give off
    
    散发出; 放出
    
    e.g. Those flowers give off a kind of sweet smell.
    
- beat around the bush
    
    拐弯抹角
    
    e.g. Don't beat around the bush. Do you want to buy those flowers or not ?
    
- beat sb to sth
    
    比某人早一步做某事
    
    e.g. All my coworkers beat me to the office this morning.
    
- beat oneself up
    
    自责
    
    e.g. Don't beat yourself up. It's just a small mistake.
    
- pass out
    
    昏倒
    
    e.g. He was passing out when he fell off the stairs.
    
- take a rain check
    
    改天; 下次
    
- out of the blue
    
    Out of the blue, she started to cry.
    
- drive someone nuts
    
    All these phone calls are driving me nuts.
    
- keep a low profile
    
    (to avoid attracting attention to yourself) 保持低调
    
    He's been in a little trouble recently so he's trying to keep a low profile
    
- lose track of time
    
    I enjoyed our conversation so much, I lost track of time and was late to work.
    
- for old time's sake
- It's being called...
- Scammers lined up to take advantage of this.
- I was under the impression that...
- run of the mill
- at face value
    
    Don't take an advertisement at face value.
    
- get around
- go around/round
    1. to behave or dress in a particular way
        
        e.g. You can’t go around accusing people like that.
        
        e.g. He goes around in a T-shirt even in winter.
        
    2. enough for each person
        
        e.g. Is there enough ice cream to go around?
        
    3. go around with sb
        
        to meet someone often and spend a lot of time with them
        
        e.g. I used to go around with a bad crowd.
        
    4. go around in circles
        
        to think or argue about something without deciding anything or making progress
        
    5. go around in your head
        
        if words, sounds, etc go around in your head, you keep remembering them for a long time.
        
    6. visit sb in their home
        
        e.g. I’m just going around to Martha’s for an hour.
        
- of value
- go about
- take place
- have to do with
- snap out of it
- be a matter of opinion
- be a matter of principle
- concern yourself with/about something
- every once in a while
    
    sometimes but not often; from time to time; occasionally
    
    e.g. We still meet each other every once in a while.
    
- wipe out
- run late
    
    e.g. I have to hurry. I’m running late.
    
    e.g. The buses are running late.
    
- up to
    
    e.g. Where have you got up to in the story?
    
    e.g. I could reach just up to his waist.
    
    e.g. The process is expected to take up to two years. 
    
- be up to sth
    
    **to be doing something, often something bad or illegal, usually secretly**
    
- get up to sth
    
    **to do something, often something that other people would disapprove of**
    
- for sale / on sale
    
    for sale → available to purchase
    
    on sale → 1. for sale 2. available to purchase at a lower price
    
- in the sale(s)
    
    available to purchase at a reduced price.
    
    e.g. It’s a lovely coat, and I managed to get it cheap in the sales.
    
- sweep someone off someone’s feet
    
    e.g. She says that he swept her off her feet, and they were married six months later.
    
- brand-new
    
    new and not yet used; completely new
    
- a long way off
    
    Any kind of peace agreement still seems a long way off.
    
- have it in you
    
    You should have seen the way Dad was dancing – I didn’t know he had it in him!
    
- step into the breach
    
    Gail's sudden illness meant that Kathy had to step into the breach.
    
- track of time
    
    e.g. You should remind Jess to be punctual because she always loses track of time.
    
- the wrong way up
    
    e.g. The painting was hung the wrong way up.
    
- up for something
    
    e.g. The car is up for sale.
    
    e.g. She is up for promotion.
    
    e.g. “We’re going to the bar for a drink.”—” Are you up for it?”
    
    e.g. The contract comes up for renewal next year.
    
- come up to
    
    e.g. She came up to me and asked for money.
    
    e.g. The water came up to the level of the window.
    
- come complete with
    
    e.g. The house comes complete with swimming pool and sauna.
    
    e.g. The computer comes complete with software and games.
    
- pick out
    
    e.g. See if you can pick me out in this photo.
    
- on a first-name basis
- bump up
- rip off
- hot chick
- referred to as
- the sheer number of
    
    
- coupled with
    
    e.g. The team's win, *coupled with*
     a loss by their rivals put them in first place.
    
- work on
- unless otherwise
- out of place
- set aside
- as needed
- keep an eye out for
- look out for
- more often than not

just for test, add notion_file_token.

- remainder
- compensate
    
    compensate for
    
- infringement
- discrete
- bottleneck
- regulate
- simultaneously
- furthermore
- negligible
- miniscule